added developing.md to readme.md file #issue 1033 (#1129)
pyscript/pyscript: README.md

Read the [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn about our development process, reporting bugs and improvements, creating issues and asking questions.

> check out the [developing process](docs/development/developing.md) for help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [developing process](https://docs.pyscript.net/latest/development/developing.html)  documentation for more information on how to setup your development environment.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Hey! Thanks for noticing we're not linking that here. I have a few remarks:

This could be better phrased as in explaining what the `developing.md` does and how it's supposed to help you.
Grammar nitpicks: it'd be nice if you use capital letters + punctuation.
